Task 1

Create a package matching (name to your taste, but should be logically associated with class names) package
and place there all subsequent classes.

Class CarDoor

Directly to the variables of this class, no one can, only through methods
Stores
    door status (open / closed)
    window state (open / closed)

Constructor
    One without arguments. It must assign variables to variables in case there is no data.
    One designer accepts both states, doors and windows. Assigns these values ​​to variables within the object.
Methods
    open the door
    close the door
    open / close the door (if the door is open and this function is called, then the door must be closed and vice versa)
    open the window
    close a window
    open / close the window (if the door is open and this function is called, then the door must be closed and vice versa)
    Display information about the object in the console
    
Class CarWheel

Directly to the variables of this class, no one can, only through methods
Stores
     Bus integrity status (fractional number from 0-erased to 1-new)
Constructor
     A similar principle as in the CarDoor class
Methods
     Change the bus to a new one
     Erase the tire by X%
     Get the state (return)
     Display information about the object in the console
     
Car class

Directly to the variables of this class, no one can, only through methods
Stores
     date of production (unchanged after the creation of the object)
     engine's type
     the maximum speed of the machine (if it is new)
     acceleration time up to 100 km / h
     passenger capacity
     number of passengers inside at the moment
     current speed
     wheel array
     door array
     
Constructor
    There is no empty constructor. Because there are fields in the class that can not be changed after the object is created. For example, the production date.
    Designer with the date of production.
    A constructor with all fields except the array of wheels and the array of doors.
Methods
    Change the current speed
    To put 1 passenger in the car
    Disembark 1 passenger
    Disembark all passengers
    Get the door by index
    Get the wheel by index
    Remove all wheels from the car
    Install the new wheel on the machine X (in addition to the existing ones, that is, if there were 4 wheels, after calling the method with X argument equal to three, the wheel will be 4 + 3 = 7)
    Calculate the current possible maximum speed (speed of the machine is calculated as follows. The maximum speed of the new machines multiply at most erased the wheel in the car. The maximum speed is equal to 0 if there are no passengers in the car, as there is no one to lead it)
    Output to the console data about the object (all fields and the calculated maximum speed, depending on the integrity of the wheels and the presence of the driver)
